The next was to Bubungi H/C III located in Bugisu Eastern Region Mangiya, Bunabutiti sub county, Bubungi Parsh.Bududu District.
Mrs. Nambuya Fatumah an enrolled  mid wife is acting on behalf of the incharge
The facility has a record of all assets provided  under Ugift with a full list issue  voucher with no costs attached.
The number supplied is 62 item with 147 quantities of equipments  supplied.
The date of was 17th. September. 2025.
2. Facility maintainace  of assets provided under Ugift
.  In case of any faulty to equipments , the in charge repairs them using PHC funds from the government  like the blood pressure machines.
Some time incase if not expensive  the in charge buys on her behalf like the bucket, widow glasses
. Cleaning them by dump dusting like on weighing  and bed to keep them clean.
. Community personnel s like Defence/LC1 conduct and over see management of these equipments, after  which they report any cases/ damages  through suggestion box on how assets are spoilt/handled like the weighing  scale (Namasopo Joyce a volute in Nursing reports)
3. Yes , a regular record on functionality  is taken but there is no enough evidence to this.
4. How Ugift support  has helped in service delivery.
. Ugift  has provide patients  bed where they do rest during medical treatment.
.Provision  of MCH equipments like delivery sets ease work. Some do help in indetifying  risk related sickness  like BP machines.
. The provided dinfection plastic buckets under u gift has enabled reduction on infections where contamination is fired.
. Because of the facilities established under Ugift  like building, toilets wards, provision  of job opportunities to workers is available like cleaners.
. Oxygen cyclinders under Ugift  has saved lives of critically ill .oxygen supplements life balancing.
Challenges  encountered to use of assets.
Some equipments reach a point of using them when they are  broken due to transportation problems. Roads are rugged
.Electricity is not connected to the health  centre, that’s why equipments  like centrifuge which process blood keenly is not in use.
.Assets have stayed long with out being used.
Lack of training about use of equipments is no provided.
Solar batteries  are down leading to low supply of power.
The peeling off of ply wood celling in Maternal and postnoetal wards pollute the area with dust.
Storage is poor .all assets are placed in one room yet space is available.
Recommendations  for better program implementation.
.Solar batteries should be replaced/ maintained for easy supply of power.
Fencing the facility should done for safety of the equipments .
The floors should be made of terazo to maintain cleanliness  of the wards
Celling in the MCH should be cemented not of wood to reduce on effect of pollution.
General finds/issues
. All assets Under Ugift support to Bubungi/ H/C are not engraved and serialised.
Most of the assets are kept in store not in use, reason not known
The incharge absenceture delayed asset ververification. almost  we ended in the nights
Health workers lack genuine knowledge  on use of some assets and their names
. Though it was hectic, the verification of assets  was a sucess with almost most assets photographed.