On 26th .August.26 , we went to Bulambuli district, at District head quarters  CAO Mr. Kassim welcomed us vehemently, introduced us to the Mr. Naim  Martin the DHO and Mr. Wolibwa Norbert the CFO .
Through interviewing them,we were told the following;
In Bulambuli district, Bukibologoto Heath centre is not existing due to rapid mud slides that swept out what had been constructed even before the completion of the buildings. 

The District  chief financial officer  Mr. Wolibwa Norbert told us that the equipments to this Health centre are still kept at the district head quarter stores; while planning  to relocate to another favorable place where the district has bought land. 

In addition to the above, Bukhalu Healthy centre in Bulambuli District, is now kamu Health centre. This was according to the request of the people in community; so a need to amend this in the system by ministry has to be followed.
Bulaago Health centre is found in Bulaago sub county, Eastern region. Mrs. Nandutu Annet the  assistant Nursing officer is the acting in charge.
An inventory list of all assets provided under Ugift was presented without no cost , however the health received 253 units  of assets.
2. How the facility maintain  the assets provided under Ugift.
According  to Mrs. Nandutu Annet , the assets are not yet broken
In case of any repair / service needed,  they hire specialist
3. Mrs Nandutu Annet says a regular  record about functionality/ break down of asset provided is followed  through the DHO under inventory  officer.
4.  How Ugift support has helped in service delivery
Ugift has constructed buildings like maternal ward, staff quarters,patients latrine, these are used by clients
Provision of water tanks by Ugift has improved on water storage/ supply and in cleaning the assets.
Bulaaga H/C III is  safe place after Ugift constructing  fence, an insenerator, walk ways connecting patients and workers to different ways departments for services.
Ugift has improved on service delivery like immunisation, in patient  and out patient  come get treatment  and stay.
Challenges
Inadequate water supply especially in dry areas
Few Healthy workers professionals in the field
Staff quarters are good buildings  but not enough
Security guard personel has no shelter where he welcomes visitor from,
Recommendation for better program implementation
More construction of staff quarters should worked to convince  stay at work.
More water tanks should brought to increase on provision of water supply to community and the health facility.
General findings
Some equipment are not in use by the health centre yet space for their use is available.
Technically there is no prior knowledge on most assets equipment like how they are called, how they are used.
Some asset equipments are less in numbers than what were received at the centre.
Date placed in service to these  equipments  is not known by the interviewee.
Life in months of these item is not told and known. There is no generalised list to follow.
All assets have no serial number neither are they engraved.
Date of purchase of these assets to this Health centre is not known.