On the same day 26th August.2026 a move to Bunangaka Health  Centre III was made. It is found in Eastern  Region Bugisu sub region, Nabbongo subcounty, Bumasoskho parish.
Mr.Nasser kakooza a senior Clinical officer is the in charge.
A record of all assets provided under Ugift is possessed with no cost, however, 176 were supplied on.
Facility maintainace to assets Under Ugift.
Assets  are repaired  using PHC funds .
Minor repairs like fixing widows the CAO through DHO sustains the funding.
Record of asset Functionality/ break down of asset.
For a few assets in use, regular record taken by assessing to find out which one is not working .
How Ugift support has helped in service delivery.
Ugift provided infrastructure buildings like maternity block where patients attain services of hospitals.
Ugift constructed staff quarter block to allow health  worker stay to attend to patients in time.
Provision of equipments like diagnostic equipment set for ward,stethoscope among others enable patient to be worked on time
Challenges/any issue regarding use of assets
The out patient block is not constructed, patients  are recieved and seen from maternity  block.
Staff quarters  are not enough. One in existence  is a twin block for midwives and nurses.
Facility is not fully fenced; so there is insecurity tot the assets and staff facilities. Thieves attempted to steal solar batteries  but police intervened.
Leaking roof where they casted wooden celling board in post noetal ward. This disturb on delivery  of services
Recommendation for better program implementation.
Renovation of structure like glasses on widows and doors is tedious due to poor quality, recommend provision of good quality door and widow materials to avoid that.
Health centre floors should be terazorised to ease cleanliness; and more to reduce on soap wasted whilst  moping;because tarazo is on in delivery room.
General findings
All assets  Under Ugift are not engraved and do not have serial  number.
There poor storage of these facilities due to Inadequate storage facilities
Some assets like patient beds were off from the centre through DHOs influence
Patients with serious illness just request for referal letter to muyembe H/C 4 for surgery because Bunangaka has no theatre . Ugift should  address this matter to help such people not to move to longer distance.
Some asset are still in stores due to lack of enogh space where they can be used.