Bundege Health centre III is located in Budadiri West region, Bundege village, sironko District.
Mr. Magawa Samuel Masaya, the senior clinical officer is the in charge to this Health centre.
In an interview with him, the facility has a record  of all assets provided  under Ugift.......
2. Maintainance of assets Under Ugift at Bundege H/C 3
. The facility  has a small budget under PHC funds, where some minor repairs are done incase of a need for repair locally.
. Some times, they pay subscription fees to Regional medical work shop. (Mbale regional hospital). This way they save money to cater for health support at the centre.
The District also extends a morale / financial support through District engineers who supervise the assets; after then, they use funds of Ugift to make repairs/ construct a health fence for safety guard of facilities’.
Sub county/ community people also help in overseeing   the management  of the Ugift assets through participating in General cleanliness on pit latrines, roads leading to the centre etc
3. How Ugift support has helped in service delivery in the area.
.infrastructural buildings like wards where mothers are separated from men, postal natal ward are all place.
Ugift renovated the former O.D.P  building and created space for labaratory services.
Ugift provided equipments  like microscope and other lab equipments.
More clients seat are available to ease on their attendance by Health workers.
Community has benefited in such way that , some services like maternity, labaratory, inpatient among others which would require regional referal are now handle at free.
4. Challenges encountered in the use of the assets.
. Bundege centre was the first in sironko District under Ugift with low quality floors. It’s entire floor is cementated and spoilt yet to other centres floors are tarazo made.
Durabilty of some materials is poor, they break so easily. Cup boards move in when heavily packed.
Rain water system  is not installed properly.  Plumbing work was not properly done and dispensing area taps are not firmly working.
Recommendations to Ugift team
. Ugift should renovating the floors to tarazo.
Ugift should avail the missing equipments to the facility.
Ugift should always  have  technical people to follow on equipments  and their maintainace.
General View findings
.The land where Bundege Health centre III  is seated on is community  commissioned land not Ugift
Some assets are kept in stores where we had no access;only show stores where they are kept.
No proper records on assets Under Ugift indicating  inventory supply prices and costs.
More Healthy earners are needed to facilitate on service delivery.
Some assets Under Ugift like patients bed were taken  under DHO  influence
Leakage of roof especially in the patients ward due to wooden celling
Floors which are cemented not clean to standards of  a Healthy centre
The pit _latrines  don’t have sock pit where urine/water is drained thus areas do smell.