On 27th. August.26 a visit was extended to Bwikhonge Health centre III found in Eastern Bulambuli district, Bunamono village, Bwekanda parish, Bwekanda sub parish. Mrs. Sambula petronila an Assistant Nursing  officer acted as in charge of the day.
Through interview, she says that the Health facility has a record of all assets provided under Ugift with out cost and numbers supplied.
Later discovered that the list presented was for mutufu and simupondo health centres from sironko District.
2. Facility maintenance/assets provided under Ugift
. Service to assets are provided by calling service providers  who repair them in case of anything damage applied.
3. Functionality /break down  of the assets.
.Monitoring of Ugift asset is done through looking/checking on how they are broken  and how many are still in existence.
4. How Ugift support has helped in service delivery.
Accommodation  and transport have been minimised, now health workers like mid wives are sleeping well at the centre.
. Buildings under Ugift have made an increase on numbers of clients who come for medical services knowing that maternal wards are available for them ,to be examined. Even Health  workers are attracted to stay.
Ugift has helped in improvement of quality service, patients bed provided weren’t  in place; but now patients can be admitted.
Challenges
There is no theatre where major operation can be under taken
Limited labour supply in terms of Heath doctor yet clients are many.
Facility is not fenced at all from external attackers like cattle pastoralists whose animals scare away clients.
Storage of facilities is not enough especially where to keep track of assets
Recommendations
Ugift  should help in construction of facility fence for safety of assets.
More storage buildings are needed for proper keeping of assets
Construction of a theatre should be thought about by Ugift to attract more clients not to move to furthest muyembe health centre 4 centre for medication.
General findings
Some equipments aren’t yet in use which may expose them damages.
Some health workers don’t know how to operate  some equipments.
All assets to this Health  centre are not engraved by Ugift neither non has a serial number.
There’s is no proper records of the assets recieved under Ugift
Positively maternal child death rates have decreased, because pregnant mothers have access to quality services . a response from  a client observations.
Unless there is a complicated condition  which cannot be handled like cesearan section blood transfusion among others is when patients are referred to Muyembe heath centre  4.this indicates that the community benefits much from this Health  facility.
The healthy centre is under the government control, fully supported by Ugift.