On 27th. August.26  a move to Bududa district Headquarters.
The CAO had gone for official work duty but commissioned us to continue with our work through  DHO Mr. Kamala Alex and The DEO Mrs Khainza Betty  naster who told us that Bushiribo seed school is under construction and not all asset under Ugift have been delivered.
Ago forward made to Nakatsi seed secondary school, located in Busano village,Nakatsi subcounty, Bududa Eastern region.
Mr. Nabende  Paul is acting on behalf of the Head teacher.
Record of all asset provided under Ugift is recorded in the system and their cost is not indicated as well as the numbers received.
2. Facility maintainace to assets  Under Ugift by the school.
.In case equipments  are broken, they are repaired by  money allocated in budget under capitation grand, the money given to school quarterly.
.For assets like labaratory  equipments, the school set a rule that who ever mishandle then pays back to procurement  officer of school under the board of governors.
. The school also hire a service provider to refill tonner to printers, widow updates to computer in case they are uninstall by the learners.
3. Regular record  about functionality/ break down of assets.
. It is done per term where they check and separate the broken one to be repaired and be back for re-usual like the desks, stools, chairs.
4.  How ugift support has helped in service delivery.
.Through provision of school equipments like computers, learners are attracted to conducive learning environment.
Ugift opened job opportunities  to community people like cleaners, gate keeper, cooks thus increasing on their standards of living since they are employed in school.
.parents to teacher and school relationship is created especially parents who provide feeding materials where their children achieve studies. All this is due to equipments provided under Ugift  for learners  to attend free education.
. Cost reduction in parents pockets is achieved because parents only pay for lunch, there is no need school fees payment for the school to purchase equipment, Ugift  provided.
Challenges
. Costs to repair equipments like printers are high and not enough.
Electricity tend to  spoil computer, printers especially when lab assistants  and learners leave the switches on if the power goes off, when its back it blows off machines, connecters, printers, bulbs blow off.
Recommendations for better program implementation .
. More computers should be provided. The 21 computers are not enough for all learners. s.1s are 100 computer cannot accommodate them.
.Class blocks are not enough only six classroom provided on the two available blocks cannot  accommodate the increasing number of learner. if possible construction of flat can be put in place.
. The foot pitch to school should fenced to reduce on encroachers.Bull fighter come and wrestle bull during week end ending up spoiling the grass pitch
More funding is needed to the school for proper planning.
General findings  on Ugift  assets at Nakatsi seed school.
The assets are not engraved or serialised
The schools indeed operating well and good in service delivery evidenced by a number of staff teachers found at school yet it holiday
If possible, scholastic equipments like books should provided if Ugift  can
The distance is to far for learners in the near by communities a supportive hand to sustain boarding section should be put in place.
Asset verification to this was a sucess. Although it is tedious and far.