Meeting held with Mr. Mulondo Robert the chief administration officer sironko District
He gave a concern about buyaya health centre 11 not being programed under ugIFT programe thought it is what the ministry has in the system.
Instead a simu pond health centre lll was considered.
How ever, we went on ground to Buyaya Health centre and there weren’t any ugIFT assets delivered after interviewing Ms Nagudi Florence an enrolled nurse in charge who has stayed at this very centre since May 1st 2023 to date.
Buyaya Health centre ll  is in sironko District,Lulena sub county , Lutale village in Buyaya parish.
simu pond Health centre III  is located in Budadiri East sub region in sironko  local government.
In an interview with Mr. Woniala James a health information assistant in charge presented to us a record of all assets provide under Ugift  called inventory register though had no cost..
How the facility  maintain the assets Under UgiFT.
Currently, the assets are intergrated under 001 work plan. If funds are available not exceeding 0ne million, through  use of ( PHC ) Primary Healthy funds  . Simple repairs is made like fixing window mirrors, purchase of hypertension Bp machines, foetus scope etc. . Above one million it is the District to handle.
Sub county also extends support on the infrastructural process within the centre . Culverts
to road leading to the centre has been put in place.
The district makes contacts to mbale regional Hospital to help in things which are broken like fridge.
3. At simu pond Health centre III regular record about functionality of assets is provided through physical counting, the use equipment  inventory  book  where analysis is made in soft copy and hard copy to check on broken down assets and others which are in good condition.
4. How Ugift  support has helped in service delivery in the area.
Ugift has improved on infrastructural buildings having delivery room, maternal  and child health room etc.
Ugift  has enhanced on provision of all equipments used the health centre like patient  beds with drip stands, microscope binocular etc to ease on service delivery.
Challenges
Water supply is still limited especially in dry seasons.
The road leading to the health centre is in a bad condition,not wide enough,slippery when it rains. Pregnant mothers fail to reach the  facility.
Recommendation
Mr. Woniala James request Ugift to  supply water at the centre during dry season.
Calls for immediate finishing of the medical laboratory building which is on  going slowly  to be completed In time to ease better service provision to the clients.